hi Monroe my name is Jerome I am the
chef of the province grill downtown
Miami I've been chef here for 10 years
who have been serving French
mediterranean food today we're going to
present two recipes from our menu it's
going to be based on the ile-de-france
cheese so please follow me to the
kitchen today we're going to prepare
goat cheese and pan-seared duck foie
gras for this recipe we're going to use
walnut bread raspberry coulis imported
duck foie gras from toulouse france and
the ile-de-france goat cheese voted best
chef / 2008 for the garnish we have a
mash salad we should be served with
berries olive oil and fig vinegar okay
so we're going to start with the one at
love we're gonna slice it not too thick
like a half an inch it slices and now
we're going to put in the oven to toast
it a little bit we're going to take the
the duck foie gras we're going to season
it a little bit with some pepper
and some garam the season or the next
step we gonna pan seared the duck foie
gras it's a little delicate we're going
to pre it a nonstick pan on the medium
high heat we don't need any oil the
fogger as plenty of oil it will take
mall as thirty to forty three on each
side and here is the result of the pan
cig duck foie gras now the bread the
toasted bread should be ready so we're
going to take it out from the organ nice
and crispy we're gonna spread the in the
France goat cheese I like very much this
goat cheese because is tangi it's a
light and it's a lightly salty so it is
going to much very good with the
sweetness of the raspberry coulis we
don't want to put too much holy because
we don't want to over power the the
taste of the the goat cheese
now we're going to take it's very
dedicated we put like the duck foie gras
on the toast
avoir la is our sandwich here nice and
pretty we can select the layer of the
goat cheese the raspberry sauce and the
foie gras okay we're going to prepare
the mash salad we're going to put 1
spoon of fig vinegar
we're going to add the berries
sprinkle a little bit of olive oil touch
of fresh pepper pinch of salt and we're
gonna mix the salad very delicate
because the marsh salad and the berries
are very delicate very soft prepare our
plate so we're going to put a little bit
of the salad on the side of the plate
very colorful and now we're going to get
the sandwich we're going to cut it
enough
and put it in a plate
evora this is our gourmet sandwich made
of ile-de-france goat cheese and
pan-seared duck foie gras Bon Appetit
for more recipes you can go to ile de
france cheese com